Add version history for 6.5.1 (#169)
ome/bio-formats-documentation: sphinx/about/whats-new.rst

Version history
===============

6.5.1 (2020 July)
-----------------

File format fixes and improvements:

* Aperio SVS / Aperio AFI

>    - fixed a Null Pointer Eexception when exposure time is not defined

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - fixed a Null Pointer Exception when exposure time is not defined
```

* Big Data Viewer

>    - corrected series indexes for non flat multi resolution images

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - corrected series indexes for non flattened multi resolution images
```

* Cellomics
   - physical sizes are now set for all series rather than just the first

* Imspector OBF
   - file format version and stack version are now recorded as part of global metadata

* MetaMorph
   - improved wavelength parsing using Metamorph XML or original metadata

* Mikroscan TIFF
   - stricter format recognition now used to prevent erroneous use of the reader

* Ventana BIF
   - added support for LEFT overlap direction (thanks to Joan Gibert)

* Zeiss CZI
   - fixed a bug to ensure Channel Illumination Type is not overridden by display settings

Documentation improvements:

* added link from OME-TIFF page to commercial partners page
* updated links for Biplane to now use Oxford Instruments
* fixed a number of broken hyperlinks in documentation

Component updates:

* `jxrlib` was upgraded to 0.2.4

Bio-Formats improvements:

* fixed a bug in `bfconvert` for multi-series files with varying image sizes

> * no longer logging OMERO IDs passed to FormatReader and ImageReader

Reviewer: maybe something like

```suggestion
* removed the logging OMERO IDs passed to FormatReader and ImageReader
```
